Qingqing woke up
Are you still uncomfortable?
Mommy, you are finally with daddy
You two are fine
green
As long as you are obedient and recover quickly
Mom and Dad will be fine together
I will definitely work hard
Get well soon
Come out with me
Xiaoxi, you know Qingqing needs me very much
I know he does.
But he doesn't need you
He can accept it as anyone else.
Huo Ziyuan
The reason why I am still willing to cooperate with you now
Perform in front of the situation
It's because I want him to recover sooner
Don't think that I will forgive you or still love you
Including this time, I'm also coming back for the scene.
It has nothing to do with you.
Between me and you
Just as you thought
It's already broken in two